Nothing:B4(Study Skills)
Something:
	A1(AP Computer Science):
		I have a bunch of random shit I need to complete because I didn't want to do it in class, won't take more than a day.
	A2(AP World History Modern):
		I still need to do like all of the 5.0 worksheets other than the first few, that needs to happen first because I also still have to do the rest of the 4.0 worksheets and I am taking a test on
		the 4.0 stuff after the break ends so I need to have it fresh.
	A4(Secondary Math 3 Honors):
		I have to study for the two chapter tests, the one that we take before the end of term after the break, and the one we took at the start of break that I didn't get to retake because I was sick.
		He hasn't put out when we are going to do the next chapter test, but right before the break he gave a lesson on something completely new, so we have to take a quiz on that not to mention the
		preparations for the chapter test, so I should try and study for the one we took at the start of the term(Mid-Chapter 2) so that I can take it right when we get back and get a really good score.
	B1(Woods):
		He extended Wood Characteristics again but didn't reply to my email and I had no idea since he extended it over this break, I emailed him and we will see what he says.
	B2(Chemistry 10 Honors):
		I just have to finish the program, should be really easy to set up, only a couple of hours.
	B3(English 10 Honors):
		We are pretty much closing out on everything, I missed the deadline for the 6th discussion questions but that should be fine because it was due into the break and I just need to talk to him. 						Other than that there is just the 7th disscussion questions that are due after the break.
	
Something(NON URGENT):
	A3(Chinese 1 Honors):
		I just have Time Practice, the Introduce your favorite celebrity Assesment, and the Christmas Assesment. I also have an optional art related project for the lunar gala, I think I could easily 					make a rabbit and have the mountain house make it for me.

FOR THE WINTER BREAK(12/22/2022 - 1/4/2023):
	MOST URGENT FROM IN DECENDING ORDER:
		Finish summer school, not that hard just a powerpoint and forge some docs. DO THAT BEFORE THE 30TH AT THE LATEST.
		Work on Bonle and the Stuff I need to do for the competetion in may(DONE)
		Do all APCS stuff(maybe not this and just chem because the term doesnt end for a while after break but it should be easy so maybe) and the chem program for presentation on thursday, 1/5/2023
		Do all the worksheets for AP World, keep in mind he is accepting stuff until 1/6/2023
		Study for the Chapter tests in math at the end of the break
		Make Rabbit statue and send to toban for printing(OPTIONAL AND DOESNT NEED TO BE SUBMITTED TILL 1/11/2023)

Outdated:
FOR THE WEEKEND OF 12/3/2022 - 12/4/2022:
	Saturday:
		2nd Quater Math Assignment for Woods B1(By 11:59pm)
		At least 5.1 for AP World History Modern A2(Can be done sunday but do it today)
		Study for retaking chapter test on Thursday After school(Optional)
			
	Sunday:asd
		All the Stuff for English 10 Honors B3
		Study for retaking chapter test on Thursday After school
		Wood Characteristics?(TBD)
		Go and do the stuff for TSA

FOR THE WEEK OF 12/5/2022 - 12/9/2022:
	Monday:
		Study for retaking chapter test on Thursday After school
		Do some of the prep for Chemistry retake(might be able to be done all or some on tuesday we will see)

	Tuesday:
		Study for retaking chapter test on Thursday After school
		Complete at least 5.2 for AP World History Modern

	Wednesday:
		Study for retaking chapter test on Thursday After school
		Turn in 5.2

	Thursday:
		Take Chapter Test in Secondary Math 3 Honors
		Do as much if not all of the 4.0 stuff and the 5.3 for AP World History Modern

	Friday:
		Turn in as much of the 4.0 stuff as you have and the 5.3 for AP World History Modern